# Description
limit which issues users can call a vote on based on admin flags/immunity.

each issue has a convar for required admin flags. if left as an empty string, then anyone can call a vote of that issue. otherwise, they must have those admin flags otherwise the vote is blocked from being casted.

if a user has access to the kick vote, there's an additional convar you can use to enable blocking vote-kicks that target admins of higher immunity than the issuer.

## Soft requirements
- [multicolors](https://github.com/Bara/Multi-Colors)

# Usage
the following convars accept a string of admin flags. see sourcemod/configs/admin_levels.cfg for a list of available flags:
- `vote_require_admin_kick`
- `vote_require_admin_returntolobby`
- `vote_require_admin_changealltalk`
- `vote_require_admin_restartgame`
- `vote_require_admin_changemission`
- `vote_require_admin_changechapter`
- `vote_require_admin_changedifficulty`

by default, they're all set to an empty string. a config file is autogenerated.

to toggle the behaviour of admin immunity blocking kick votes, use this convar:
- `vote_kick_immunity`
either 1 for enabled, or 0 for disabled.

# Changelog
## 1.1
- redesigned to only use sourcemod's admin system. "blocking" a vote now means to add admin flags to the relevant convar to filter out usage from anyone without those flags. admin immunity is what now determines vote kick immunity.
- removed host_player requirement. since version 1.1 of that plugin, it now integrates with sourcemod's admin system, granting temporary flags/immunity to the lobby host. the plugin can now be supported without requiring it.
- added message feedback to issuers/targets of blocked votes

## 1.0
- initial release
